(groans)
Does he not think
there could be ghosts in here.
or does he just not care?
Clippings not even landing
in basket. Is disgusting.
And that's coming from a man
who just told a story
about ripping out
a Dane's entrails.
This is
a bathroom activity. man.
You don't do this
in the main area.
HETTY:
What? Now. don't cut
the pinky one.
That's nature's cocaine spoon.
Hmm.
At least it over now.
Oh.
Oh. and he's going
for the foot. Buckle up.
Sass. there's someone out here
who's looking for you.
Sorry. kid. that smoke break
took a lot longer
than I expected.
Joan. Oh. my God.
Uh... wh-where were you?
-Where-where have you been?
-It's a long story.
I'll tell you all about it.
but in the meantime.
you just gonna
stand there gawking.
or you gonna lay one on me?
Kiss her. you fool!
(Alberta giggles)
Aw. this is just
like in the movies.
Ooh. we got a big boy.
Timber!
Oh. What was that?
Just Jay's toenail
flying through your head.
Oh. That one got some air.
Welcome back. Joan.
♪ ♪
TREVOR:
Well. it's a done deal.
Mayor Tad is now
the majority stakeholder
in Woodstone.
So. are they technically
a throuple now?
I mean.
in the business sense. sure.
What about in the "doing it
together in a waterbed" sense?
Not yet. but once you let
a silver fox into the henhouse.
all bets are off.
So. what are these pictures for?
Oh. just a little press release
announcing my investment
in Woodstone
and how I. Mayor Tad.
swept in and rescued
a local business
from financial ruin.
I was a huge supporter
of local businesses in my day.
That's why I frequented Scores
instead of one of the
big chain strip clubs.
So. uh. Tad. in terms of this
new partnership.
how exactly does it work?
You just get on the waterbed.
put on some CCR.
and don't overthink it.
(clicks tongue)
Yeah. like. I'm planning on
revamping the new spring menu.
Is that something
you want to be looped in on?
Let me stop you right there.
I want you
to keep doing what you're doing.
I believe in you two.
Oh. that's nice.
Stupid but nice.
Plus. I'm far too busy
to weigh in
on day-to-day issues
here at Woodstone.
SAMANTHA:
Oh. I'm sure.
Being a mayor must be
a very big and important job.
Exactly. Well. I'm off to
a ribbon cutting at a dog spa.
Okay. Tad. Uh. we'll hold down
the fort here.
(laughs) Everybody thinks
they can hold down a fort.
Trust me. it's not as easy
as it sounds.
There's flags to raise.
There's cannons to polish.
There's horsemeat to ration.
(laughs)
It's-it's a whole.
it's a whole production.
JOAN:
So.
there I was. on a flight
back to the States.
Suddenly. turbulence threw me
from my seat.
I flew straight out
of the plane.
That's why I always sit
in the center aisle.
Lots of walk-throughs.
but better than
falling out over
the Atlantic. (laughs)
You fell out of an airplane?
Landed smack-dab in the middle
of what I later learned
was Mongolia.
Lot of yaks. Not a lot of direct
flights back to LaGuardia.
So how did you get back?
I hoofed it.
Through the desert.
over mountain ranges.
I thought of giving up
many times.
but one thing kept me going--
the thought of making it
back to you. Sass.
-Aw.
-That is so sweet.
Yeah. Speaking of sweet stories.
do you remember the holiday
rom-com that we discussed
last time you were here?
Polar Opposites?
Yes. of course.
It was set at the north pole.
it had two characters
who were very different.
and one of them
was named Jenny Polar.
(chuckles)
Exactly.
Well. I actually banged out
a first draft
and I printed it out for you.
so if you had a minute.
I would love to get
a real screenwriter's opinion.
Oh. well. can't turn the pages.
Which is why
I laid it out for you
on the floor
of the upstairs den.
This woman is relentless.
-It would be my pleasure.
-Great. (chuckles)
I'll rescue you soon.
Oh. this is a disaster.
Oh. I don't know.
I read an earlier floor draft.
-I think it had some fun stuff.
-I'm talking about Joan.
She doesn't know that
I hooked up with Bela.
Well. in-in your defense.
Joan didn't come back
when she said she was going to.
It's "lost at sea" rules.
Someone disappears.
at-at a certain point.
it's only human to move on.
It's like that movie
we watched. Cast Away.
Tom Hanks was stuck
on the island.
Helen Hunt moved on.
She didn't know.
A-And Tom Hanks cheated on her
with that volleyball.
-What?
-No. he didn't.
Well. they didn't show it.
but something happened.
You don't scream like that
when a "friend" goes away.
I need to tell Joan about Bela.
No. You didn't do
anything wrong.
If you tell her.
it's just gonna hurt her.
That's true.
I guess you're right.
"Wilson! Wilson! I loved
being with you romantically!"
Is the subtext. Right?
I can't believe
you guys didn't get that.
-Hey. Sam.
-Hey. Mark.
So. are they in here?
The ghosts?
Yeah. uh. there's a Viking.
a finance bro. a scout leader.
and a hippie.
And a purple astronaut
named Ronald.
Only you can see him. Flower.
Right. 'cause of the drugs.
I'm not gonna lie.
I'm freaking out. Sam.
I-I wish you'd never
told me about them.
You know. I've been driving home
every time I need
to go to the bathroom?
Oh. you don't need to do that.
They're pretty respectful.
Besides. you probably have
ghosts at your place. too.
-What?
-How that helpful. Sam?
I've been to Mark's place.
There's a lady with no face.
Chimp attack. But maybe
that's a "just for us" story.
-Hey. babe.
-(screams)
We got to turn on
the local news right now.
Okay. what's going on?
The mayor's in hot water.
that's what's going on.
NEWSCASTER (over TV):
Allegations are swirling.
the mayor used
city workers to repair
a broken driveway gate
at his private residence.
They're calling it "Gate-gate."
Huh. that's sort of clever.
I caught up with the mayor
inside City Hall moments ago.
The allegations are false.
I look forward to rigorously
defending myself at the next
City Council meeting.
What about security footage
showing the workers
on your property actually
repairing the gate in question?
I'm gonna go with A.I.. Jim.
Is that a toenail?
-It's a ghost thing.
-NEWSCASTER: And what
about speculation...
-What?
-...you used
city workers to build
a Playboy-style grotto
on your private property?
What about speculation
you were doing tequila shots
in that grotto with
the Channel Five weather woman
at my Fourth of July party?
(chuckles nervously):
And that is all from City Hall.
Yeah. I thought so. punk.
-Huh. That doesn't seem good.
-Mm. nope.
But these things
usually blow over. right?
Well. that's it.
I'm out as mayor.
Oh. my God. I'm so sorry.
No. no. it's good news
'cause I can roll up my sleeves.
really dig in here.
I'm all Woodstone
all the time now. baby.
That not good.
-Oh-oh. well. great.
-Idea:
replace the pavers
in the front walkway.
Also. change the wallpaper
in the entryway.
Ugh. this is gonna be
most inconvenient.
And have the staff
start dressing less frumpy.
Eh. On the other hand. some
new ideas could be refreshing.
It's not a misuse
of public resources
to have city workers
fixing my gate.
If I don't feel secure
on my property.
I can't sleep. I mayor poorly.
Thor like that. Mayor as verb.
How do you know about verbs?
But that's in the past.
Let's talk about the future.
I've been doing an assessment
of the restaurant
and the B and B.
With regard to occupancy.
it seems like half the rooms
are perpetually blocked off.
-Yes. those are our bedrooms.
-THORFINN: You want guests
rolling through ghosts
in middle of night? (laughs)
Don't think so.
On the website.
I mean. it seems like...
(scoffs)
can't even book 'em.
We prefer to create a scarcity.
That's sort of
a business strategy.
It's like De Beers
with the diamonds.
(Chicago accent):
Da Beers. (laughs)
(normal voice):
SNL. Ditka.
It's a classic. Nailed it.
Okay. Uh... Let me drill down.
get a little more practical.
Jay. you mentioned
the spring menu earlier.
Don't worry. I'm on it. I know
that's below your pay grade.
Perhaps in
a pre-Gate-gate world.
Now I got nothing but time.
Maybe you could prepare
a sampling of the new dishes.
I could critique 'em.
Let's see. What other
action items do I have here?
Jay loving this about as much
as Thor love clutter.
Which not very much.
Thor famously hate clutter.
ISAAC:
Samantha. if I may.
we're dealing
with a political animal.
If you wish
to neutralize Mayor Tad.
might I suggest appealing
to his massive ego.
Tad.
(chuckles)
As much as we love
this feedback.
I can't help but feel like
a great businessman like you
shouldn't be wasting his energy
on occupancy rates
and menu items.
-Go on.
-JAY: Sam's right.
Spring menu? (scoffs)
Small ball. man.
You are a visionary.
You're a world builder.
Oh. Oh. maybe
this-this whole scandal
is actually an opportunity
for you to strike out
in a bold new direction.
You're right.
Improving this small business
at the margins. that's-that's
not worthy of my time.
Exactly. You need to write the
next chapter in the book of Tad.
Yes. I need to look
at the whole board.
This is my time
in the wilderness.
and I shall emerge renewed.
I just have one piece of advice
if you're going
into the wilderness.
Don't hug any bears.
Unless they're. like. so cute.
then you gotta.
-(sighs)
-Wow. (chuckles)
That was amazing.
-It really was.
-(sighs)
It really was.
(sighs)
-Joan. I heard you were back.
-So nice to see you.
Yeah. yeah. Listen up.
-Oh.
-While I was gone.
who was Sasappis
making whoopee with?
-(laughs) I'm sorry. what?
-You heard me.
Something stinks to high heaven.
Sass and I just had
a roll in the hay.
and let's just say it was
much different than before.
How so?
It was good. Real good.
Suspiciously good.
Almost like
he went to school for it.
Question is. who was
his teacher? Was it you?
-Heavens. no.
-Or you?
I mean. it's possible.
but I really don't think so.
Joan. on my honor.
I can assure you that.
while you were gone.
Sasappis did not hook up with...
-any ghost.
-Hmm.
The way you said "any ghost"
makes it sound like
he hooked up with someone
who isn't a ghost.
Well. how would that even work?
Couldn't he. like. hook up
with someone in their dream?
Good point. Flower.
Oh. wait. shoot.
that's what actually happened.
Oh. shoot.
This is the lady
he's hiding that from.
Who was it?
Don't say Bela.
(gasps)
So. do the ghosts mention stuff
they see when you're not here?
He now realizing
how much lunch meat
we see him take over the years.
Occasionally.
They call you
the Mortadella Monster.
I'll. uh. Venmo you some money.
(whispers):
Thank you.
TAD:
I got it.
I know how I'm gonna spend
my next five years.
Oh. that's great. Tad.
And I owe it all to you two.
with your advice
to think bigger.
Aw... (laughs)
So what's your plan?
Well. before I bought Woodstone.
as you know.
I did extensive research
into your business.
One of the items I came across
was an early review
of your restaurant Mahesh
from the Hudson Valley Gazette.
-You know the one
I'm talking about?
-TREVOR: That's the guy that
I bribed to do a good review.
but then Jay found out.
and then he gave Jay
a genuinely good review.
-Yeah. I remember.
-TAD: In the review. the writer
sung your praises.
but then. at the end.
almost as an aside.
he mentioned that
what the Hudson Valley
could really use
was an "upscale breastaurant."
Oh. my God.
is this really happening?
Hooters meets fine dining.
if you will.
An elevated ogling experience.
Well. I think it's a winner.
-Do you?
-And I wish you luck.
Don't wish me luck.
Wish us luck.
Where is this going?
-How do you mean. Tad?
-TAD: Well.
if I'm gonna own
the nation's first chain
of upscale breastaurants.
I'm gonna need a test case.
Starting today.
Mahesh is now the very first
Mountains of the Valley.
Yes!
So. tell me a little
about your previous
restaurant experience.
Well. let's see. um...
Italian. Greek. American.
(laughs)
Oh. I've eaten
in all sorts of restaurants.
-(laughs)
-PETE: This young lady
doesn't seem
particularly qualified.
Yeah. but the intangibles.
Is that what we're calling them?
I feel good about this.
(laughing):
Yay.
THORFINN:
Oh.
Mountains of the Valley.
Very clever.
I can't believe
this is happening.
This is my life's work.
Can he even do this?
Well. you sold him a majority
stake in the business.
You should have thought
about this
before you got yourself involved
in ghost-related
tax evasion problems.
He owns 55% of Woodstone. Jay.
I don't think we can stop him.
What a nightmare.
Maybe Jay not understand
very clever name of restaurant
because seems impossible
to have this type of reaction
once you get.
Oh. I got tough news. team.
Uh. just got an email from
my lawyer. Apparently. the name
Mountains of the Valley was
already trademarked by someone.
Oh. wait. That's me.
I forgot about that.
When I heard that reviewer
pitch that name last year.
I jumped on that.
Why? You're dead.
And yet here I am.
sitting on a gold mine. Pete.
That name is everything. It's
the concept. it's the vision.
You can make the peaks
of the "M" look like two boobs.
Then the middle of the "M."
it's a natural valley.
Two Ls in "Valley" could be
bra straps. Please convey.
So. are you saying that
you're not gonna move forward
with changing Mahesh
into a Mountains of the Valley
pilot restaurant if you can't
somehow buy that trademark?
TAD:
Yes.
(sighs)
I got to call my lawyer.
-Jay. this is great.
-Well. let's not celebrate yet.
I mean. he still might
just buy the trademark.
No. he can't because Trevor
is the one who owns it.
JAY:
No way. No Pants.
Moving up the ghost rankings.
-Oh. man. this is a tough one.
-SAMANTHA: What?
-Why-why-why is it a tough one?
-What's going on?
Well. obviously.
I love this concept.
And let us not forget
that the whole
Mountains of the Valley thing
is my baby.
And to marry that concept
with that name on the very
property to which I'm bound...
Trevor is considering
selling to Tad.
What?
This is bigger than all of us.
One day Jay will be gone.
and with him. Mahesh. but
a chain of restaurants called
Mountains of the Valley.
that's forever.
No. Trevor. you can't.
Seriously?
Sam. I'm sorry.
I got a lot to think about.
You're back in last place.
No Pants.
-He's gone.
-(sighs)
There he is.
Just the handsome fellow
I've been looking for.
I'd say we should close
the door. but. uh. I can't.
You know. it occurred to me
that. ever since I've been back.
I've been flapping my gums
about what I've been up to.
Oh. the plane. the fall.
the harrowing reading
of Samantha's second act.
But I haven't even asked you
what you've been up to.
So... what have you been up to?
Uh. hmm.
Not a whole lot to report. Yeah.
Lot of. uh. branch-watching.
pizza-smelling.
-Really? That's it?
-Mm.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
You haven't been hooking up
with Jay's living sister
in her dreams?
-You know about that?
-Of course I know.
Flower cracked.
Hetty corroborated.
and now you're more cooked
than yak meat
in a Mongolian stew.
I don't know what to say.
I thought you were coming back
November 28th.
but then you didn't.
and as the weeks passed.
I got convinced
you were never coming back.
That maybe you met
someone else or that...
maybe you never
cared about me at all.
(sighs)
You were in a tough spot.
Truth is.
I don't even care that
you canoodled with a Living.
In fact. I don't know if dreams
technically even count.
I just don't like
that you lied to me.
I know. I should have
said something.
but I was just too scared
that I was gonna lose you.
Lose me? You numbskull.
I crossed the globe for you.
You're not getting rid
of me that easily.
(chuckles)
(sighs) Remind me to thank
that Bela when I get a chance.
She turned my baby deer
into a buck.
Okay. I don't know
about baby deer.
Oh. that wasn't an opinion.
it was an objective fact.
You were bad.
I mean. really bad.
Okay. maybe let's just
go back to kissing.
-It was like Hindenburg level.
-Okay.
So. you figure out whether
you going to sell trademark
-to Tad or not?
-TREVOR: It's a tough call.
My first instinct was to tell
the mayor to take a hike.
Sam and Jay are my friends. and
I don't want to screw them over.
But the more I thought about it.
would it really be
screwing them over?
Or would it be
saving them from themselves?
Feels like you want it
to be second thing
so that you get
to see mountains.
which are boobs.
Many people not get that.
I'm serious. How many times
do we got to watch
Sam and Jay make every wrong
business decision in the book?
(sighs)
They are true idiots.
but we love.
I'm tired of seeing them broke.
And. yes. they will be upset
about Mahesh for a little bit.
but when they're on their yacht
with Tobey Maguire
and Fred Durst.
they're gonna be thanking me.
Yacht is... boat?
Yacht is boat.
-Thor like.
-Yeah.
It's like. it's like
they're Rod Tidwell
and I'm Jerry Maguire.
and I am sitting here screaming.
"Help me help you."
Mountains of the Valley is
a billion-dollar business idea.
What could be
more important than that?
Hey. Dad. um.
just trying to catch you.
I have some news.
Um. there's a situation
with the restaurant.
Um... it's not great.
Just call me back.
How am I gonna tell him
about this?
Oh. damn it.
Show me the money!
Why?
From movie. Is quote.
TREVOR:
Well. I have some news.
We need to talk.
Trevor just came in.
Oh. yeah?
Well. what does he look like?
Does he look like somebody
who just screwed us over?
Well. he kind of always
looks like that.
I think that that's just
sort of his face.
Can I just talk. please?
Look. I want it on the record
that Mountains of the Valley
is a great idea.
one that would make
a lot of people happy.
I also realize
that Mahesh is an idea
that makes you guys happy.
And I want you guys to be happy
because I care about you.
-So...
-TAD: The son of a bitch
won't sell me the trademark.
-Really?
-TREVOR: Really.
But please.
still hire that waitress.
So that's it? You're
not going forward with it?
I mean. it is a great concept.
but when you boil it down.
that name is just magical.
Without it. it's just...
Boobs and steaks.
Exactly.
Wait a second.
John. it's Tad.
Do a trademark check
on Boobs & Steaks.
You.
Genius.
Okay. that's on you.
But I like it.
Is this really necessary?
I think so. yes.
Excuse me. do you have
any hydrangeas?
I don't know.
I'll have to go
check in the back.
-Are you flirting with her?
-I'm just in character.
It's a dream thing.
-Just give me a second.
-What?
Who are you talking to?
Well. my girlfriend Joan
just came back.
and there's something
she wants to say to you.
Uh-oh.
Thank you for teaching me sex.
Oh. Uh...
Well... (chuckles)
Tell her it was my pleasure.
Later on.
The first two times were tough.
-She says you're welcome.
-Oh.